Add document.domain deprecation (#1958)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/site-impacting-changes.md

| Three-digit version number in the User-Agent string | v100 | | Starting with v100, Microsoft Edge will send a three-digit version number in the User-Agent header, such as `Edg/100`. This may confuse scripts or server-side analytics that use a buggy parser to determine the User-Agent string version number. Starting with v97, site owners can emulate this condition before v100 by enabling the experiment flag `#force-major-version-to-100` in `edge://flags`. |
| Block external protocols in sandboxed frames by default | v103 | | Blocks the use of external protocols (that interact with non-browser applications) from sandboxed iframes unless permission is explicitly granted by the `sandbox` attribute on the frame. This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based. For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5680742077038592). |

> | Ignore modifications to `document.domain` by default | v106 | | The `document.domain` property historically could be set to relax Same-Origin-Policy and allow subdomains from a site to interact. This behavior will be disabled by default such that setting the `document.domain` property will have no effect. See the [Edge Reference Documentation](/deployedge/edge-learnmore-origin-keyed-agent-cluster) for more information and workarounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ignore modifications to `document.domain` by default | v106 | | The `document.domain` property historically could be set to relax Same-Origin-Policy and allow subdomains from a site to interact. This behavior will be disabled by default such that setting the `document.domain` property will have no effect.  For more information and workarounds, see [Microsoft Edge will disable modifying document.domain](/deployedge/edge-learnmore-origin-keyed-agent-cluster).
```

Reviewer 2: fixed
